How to get the Your battery is broken message to go away? Every time I turn on my computer, I see a message saying something like: Your battery may be old or broken. I am already aware that my battery is bad. How do I suppress this message? power-management notification
How can I set the Software Center to install software for non-root users? How can I set the Software Center to allow non-root users to install stuff from the Ubuntu repos without having to type in their password? I'm fully aware of the security implications, and I am willing to take the risk. Fedora 12 shipped with something like this. (By modifying the PolicyKit configuration, I believe) software-center software-installation policykit
What are some alternatives to upgrading without using the standard upgrade system? What are some alternatives to upgrading without using the standard upgrade system? Suppose for example that I wanted to upgrade an Ubuntu installation on a machine with a poor Internet connection. What would my options be? Could I just use a standard Ubuntu disk to upgrade this machine? If I already have a standard Ubuntu disk and want to use that, could I do a clean install without wiping data? upgrade live-cd system-installation
How to set up a headless server? I have a ubuntu development server at work. It is an old rack server that is located somewhere in the company's dungeon, where nobody ever goes. The only way it can work is as a so-called headless server (i.e. with no monitor/keyboard connected and only accepting network connections). Obviously, if you just need terminal access ssh is more than enough. I, however, would also like to connect to the graphical interface from time to time. At the moment I am using the built in VNC functionality but I am pretty sure this is neither the most efficient nor the most secure way of approaching this issue. I have done a bit of research on the issue but failed to come to any definite conclusions. I read about trying to forward the X environment over ssh, which would at least solve my security concerns. Can anyone share their experiences in setting this up? Is there any other way that might be worth looking at? I almost exclusively connect to this server from a Windows machine. I don't know if that might be a problem for some of the methods suggested. server ssh security remote-desktop vnc
How do I run a successful Ubuntu Hour? I'm taking my be-stickered laptop to a coffee shop tonight for an Ubuntu Hour. I've let a bunch of local LUG people know about it. How can I ensure people come away from it feeling like the experience was valuable? Is there something you've done that was particularly successful? There is a wiki page about Ubuntu Hours which is very helpful. I'm interested in collecting best practices from the community. community locoteams
